[OpenAI] Support for NonAzure OpenAI endpoint. (#34873)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/openai/azure-ai-openai/README.md

    .buildAsyncClient();
```

> ### Create a Non-Azure OpenAI client with API keys
> Get Non-Azure OpenAI API keys from [Open AI authentication API keys][non_azure_openai_authentication].

Reviewer: I would be a bit more emphatic on the support to non-Azure OpenAI we are adding here. I am adding a suggestion. Feel free to disregard or re-word as you see fit :) 

```suggestion
### Support for non-Azure OpenAI

The SDK also supports operating against the public non-Azure OpenAI. The response models remain the same, only the setup of the `OpenAIClient` is slightly different. First, get Non-Azure OpenAI API key from [Open AI authentication API keys][non_azure_openai_authentication]. Then setup your `OpenAIClient` as follows: 

```
